---
layout: post
title:  "October is over!"
categories: general
tags: 胡言乱语
author: wyj
date:   2018-10-31 16:58:00 +0800
---

I will use the numbered list format (broken English as well) and each part is not related to the others.

1.

Started with an ocean of unread books and papers and will end with an ocean of unread books and papers....

The most important thing in October is to know WHAT IS QRT and to spend two extra weeks to write a very very very simple proposal. But if you ask me 'how is your paper going?' I will refuse to answer this question....

While studying for GRE and TOFEL, I learned a new pharse that can be used to descibe my current academic status-an 'orphaned undergraduate' or 'undergraduate orphan', of which the supervisor is disappearance...But hopefully wyj will no longer be an undergraduate orphan and get rid of 'self-supervision‘ in the next few month. Let's cheer!

2.

Ip Man the great movie! wyj spent two hours watching Ip Man II last weekend. Although she found the story is very similar to Ip Man I, but she just recognized that before fighting with others, it's better to be gentle and talk some sense into the enemies and other people. 

But wyj hopes that she would never have to fight against other people until her martial art skill becomes very good.

3.

Things do change a lot because of 进博会. The Shanghai Wushu Championship for college students is postponed by a day. And wyj is no longer a team member who has to take GRE test while the Championship takes place, but a 'very important' team member who has to take GRE test the day before the Championship. People can't imagine how crazy it is!

And it's time for wyj to take some pre-GRE test now...so she will finish this post and upload the QFT notes later...